Yes, I bought this for myself.  It was very
difficult.  There is a statue like this.  I have a
purple guitar.
Hello everyone, guys.  My name is Elvira,
and today I look like this, in such a strange way.
I have a towel on my head.  Today
I will spend my day here at home and I want to
show you what I will be doing today.
Well, first of all, I washed my hair.  Now
I also need to do
one very difficult and important
thing today.  I also need to play the
guitar, so I'll show you my
typical day today.  Well, my hair is already
dry, and now let's get down to the important
business.  So, I have
a shelf like this here.
And as you can see, I have a
lot of different things here, and I
need to do something very
important with this shelf.  To do this, first I need to
take all these things and take them out, so that
my shelf is empty.  Now I'm
going to take out all these things.
I put away all the things.  And there is a small
problem.  And I wanted to put this
shelf on the floor, but I can’t
do that because I already have a
garland attached here.  And I don’t want to
tear it away from here, because it’s already
very beautiful.  So I'll do it
differently.  I'll just turn the
rack over and it will stand.  So now
I'll show you how I do it.
Well, that's how it is.
Like this.  What else do I need to do?  This is to
wipe off dust.  I have
a rag and now I will wipe the dust
on the shelves.
Now I need to show you my
new purchase.  This is the set.
Yes, I bought this for myself.  So what do we
have here?
So, there is a hammer like this and a hammer like this
, how do you do it?  That's a
screwdriver.  It can be
changed like this.  And I'm
going to need them now, or rather, I'm going to need a
hammer.  So what do I need to
do now?  I have this rack.  And
I have boards like these
.  And I need to nail these boards to
this rack with a
hammer.  I bought it specifically for this purpose
.  So now I will have a
difficult job, but I hope that I
can cope.  So, here I
have
nails like these.  Well then, let's begin our
work.
Phew.  So, guys, I nailed this
board and it was really hard.  I didn't
think that simply
hammering nails was so difficult.  Now, when
I did this, it was very noisy, and I was
worried about my neighbors,
and that they would scold me.
So I thought I'd just nail
this board.  And here, right here I will
not do anything.  Let it stand
like this.  Well, it's okay.  But I
wiped off the dust.  Okay, I've already put
the shelf back.  And before I
put all these things away,
I need to clean up a little and sweep the
floor here, because it’s already become a little
dirty.
Okay, now we need to put this
heavy folder with documents down.  And
I also have this folder here and
these notebooks.
So, I have some
music albums here.  This one is very
thick, and it won’t be possible to put it like this
, so I’ll put it down.  So,
I also have these candles here,
and they
smell really good.
So, I also have a statue like this here
.  And I'll also put some
small
candles here.
They smell delicious too.  Phew.  Well, I'm
done with my shelving.  Here he
stands.  It's completely assembled.  And
I have already put all my things away too.  I'm a little
tired.  And it's also very hot outside today
.  Well, now I'll even show you
how hot it is outside.  This is the kind of
weather we have.  And indeed, it’s
better not to go outside.  I have some
time to rest.  And usually I
relax by reading some book.
I'm reading this book now.  This is a book by
Diana Satterfield.  And the book is called The
Thirteenth Tale.  I've already read
this much, and I have just a little bit left.
I thought I could do a little
challenge.  So, I'll set the timer for 30
minutes.  And in 30 minutes I have to read
as many pages of the book as possible.  Like
this.  30 minutes and start.
Well, the start has begun, and now I need to
start reading quickly.  Let's go.  So, I'm
on page 356.
There.  And I start reading.
Oh,
time is up.
So,
half an hour has passed, and I have now read up to
page 383.  I read 27 pages in
half an hour.  I think it's not bad for 30 minutes
.  Well, I haven't finished reading
the book yet.  I still have so much to read.
And, ah, I think I'll do that.
later, maybe tomorrow.  Another thing
I wanted to do today was
this.
This is a guitar game.  Let me say right away that
I am not a professional guitarist.
I can't play straight very well.  I'm
still just learning.  And I am learning myself.  I
just find some video on
YouTube and just watch how to
play and repeat.  That's all.  Well,
let me show you my guitar.  And
this is what it looks like
.
Oops.
Yes, I have a purple guitar.  I
have a special notebook like this.
This is where I write down the chords
and songs I want to play.  Today
I wanted to reminisce
and play some of the old
songs that I already know.
[music]
I don't like the sound of this.
I need to practice a little more.
[music]
I decided to find some
new song on YouTube that I would like to
try to learn today.  I take my
notebook, pen and watch a video with the
chords for this song.  So, B
C D.
I'll just try to learn the chords for now.
[music]
Once again.
Now I'm going to try to work
on these chords, on this song, a little bit more, and
a little bit later I'll, uh, come back to you to
show you what I'm having for dinner.
So, what am I going to eat for dinner?  I have
bread like this here.  I spread cheese on it
.  This is an egg.  And I also added
cucumbers and tomatoes here.  This is the light
dinner I have today.  And with this I will
end today's video.  I hope
you enjoyed seeing how I
spend my Day at Home.  Well, that's all for now,
guys.  See you in the next videos.
Bye bye.